Clarify the retry rules. Fixes #673 (#678)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-esni: rfc9849.md

SHOULD retry the handshake with a new transport connection using the
retry configurations supplied by the server.

Because the new ECH configuration replaces the old ECH configuration,

> so clients can implement a new transport connection in any way that is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clients can implement a new transport connection in any way that is
```

consistent with the previous ECH configuration. For example, clients
can reuse the same server IP address when establishing the new
transport connection or they can choose to use a different IP address
if DNS provided other IP addresses for the previous configuration.
However, it is not safe to use IP addresses discovered with a new

> DNS query, as those may reflect inconsistent a different ECH server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNS query, as those may correspond to a different ECH server
```

Reviewer: Or ...

```suggestion
DNS query without also using the ECH configuration from that query.
A fresh DNS query can return a different ECH server
```
